CR & PR Guide: Integration branches (#30)
Appnroll/appnroll-developers: src/content/code-review.mdx

:warning: The committed suggestion should be always validated if it doesn’t cause any issue, (e.g. fails of type checking). Take care of that.

## Can I use integration branches?
No, you should avoid integration branches. It's because they usually cause really big merges to a master branch, which can be dangerous even if every part of code was reviewed and tested earlier.

> Generally the best practise is to merge as small part of code as it's possible.

Reviewer: As soon as it’s possible

Author: I mean as small as it's possible 🤔

Reviewer: Sorry, misread that.

It may be not clear what to do with large tasks, which should be presented on production only whole. There are more than one solution for these kind of situations:

**Puzzle / Chain**

If it's possible a large task should be split into smaller parts and then these parts should represents parts of code (PRs). If you need to create many components to implement something, then use storybook to implement each component separately [1].

> This way the component is able to review (small PR) and test (visible in storybook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way the component is able to be reviewed (small PR) and tested (visible in storybook).
```
